---
layout: post
title: "I had a dream"
date: 2016-09-04
---

Had a strange dream last night. One I believe to have been born from a conversation with a friend a while back. Don't judge me for the following, dreams are odd, as you probably already know.

It started off with me doing some grocery shopping. Simple, standard, vanilla grocery shopping. Things took a turn for the worse as I bump into a friend. Within seconds of saying hello, he had already started to unwrap a multi-pack of KitKats that were in his basket. Now, this horrifies me. I believe anyone who opens anything before they have handed over money is a thief. I assumed he was doing this to freak me out. If it had ended here, it would be a fairly normal dream playing into my stupid, petty stance on how shopping should be done. No. He takes a KitKat, breaks off one of the finger-bar things, and proceeds to write MY name on the floor of the supermarket.

Many things go through my mind in situations like this. Maybe I overthink, overanalyse situations and scenarios, but it has served me well up to this point. I began by assessing the situation. Firstly, since it's a dream and my brain isn't going at full whack, I fail to notice how absurd the whole situation is. The KitKat has left a ludicrous amount of chocolate in its wake, I should have spotted this and immediately woken up, but I didn't. My first thought was "people will think this is poo". If I had the choice, I would rather people think I graffiti with KitKat fingers than poo. I grab one of the KitKats and immediately stamp it into the floor, making sure that there is evidence that it is indeed chocolate.

Next step is to think how I can remedy this awful situation in the fastest possible way. I take a water bottle that has magically appeared in my basket and break my own cardinal rule of shopping. I opened it there and then. A deep part of my brain must have been keeping tabs on what is happening and punishes me. Out of the transparent, obviously water-filled water bottle comes a slurry of ketchup. I look towards my friend already enjoying the despair he has created, who is now doing a merry jig and pretending to play an invisible piccolo whilst singing "blood and poo, blood and poo".

Things are now out of control. This is beyond anything I can fix easily myself. These are the situations you need an exit strategy for. Run? Hide? Misdirection? Tempted to go for the latter, I had briefly considered faking some kind of health problem, but ever scrupulous even in dreams, decided it would be disrespectful, as well as potentially dangerous. I opted for run. Dream running really sucks, as everyone has likely experienced. It's like running through treacle. Unfortunately for me, my brain has decided to rearrange the entire local supermarket. It is now like Alice in Wonderland, but with less Mad Hatter, and more elderly shelf-stackers sprinkling chicken nuggets on to the floor akin to the way you would sew seeds in a field. Bonkers.

I realise whilst trying to make my escape that by running I have made myself look guilty of the mess that has been made. I reasoned that I would take responsibility for the ketchup, however I figured whoever is in charge would need to get into contact with some top brass at NASA or something. I had a magic bottle that turned water into ketchup. I had in all likelihood solved some kind of food shortage somewhere so they can't hold it against me, right?

Wait, I hadn't paid for the water yet. Legally I don't own this magic bottle. Since I had opened it, I had to pay for it, something I would have done even had it been simply filled with water as expected. I made my way to the self-service checkouts, adamant that I wouldn't trust this world changing artifact with anyone outside of the scientific world. Of course, the dream checkouts seemed to operate in a very different way to those that are at my local supermarket, so it used it's psychic dream link to automatically know that I'm buying water and tell me that I needed to be over eighteen to buy it. I am definitely older than that, but it wanted my passport to prove it. I start trying to push money into the note-slot which it seems to accept but still asks for a passport. Even I have my limits.

Knowing that I have vastly overpaid for my magical bottle I start heading to the exit, safe in the knowledge that I am of age to purchase water. Unfortunately the supermarket security doesn't agree. Glancing around I notice I'm being watched by what seem to be cloned security guards. Now these chaps obviously weren't cloned from some genetic master gene pool. They were slightly tubby with the exact same moustache. The dream has quickly become a really low budget Jason Bourne film. I am the hero here. I am carrying a potential cure for world hunger should whoever is starving really like ketchup, and by the looks of these guys, they want to stop me.

I apologise in advance if you are enjoying this thrilling instalment of my dreams, but this is when my brain throws in the old dream wildcard of Jenna Coleman. She is on the other side of a huge glass window separating me from the car park. She is obviously my signal to jump through the window like an action hero to avoid the evil security. Obviously.

This is the first moment my brain really began to question whether I'm dreaming or not. It was happy to let me endure the absurdity and stress of the KitKat, ketchup and nuggets. As soon as Jen turns up, my brain steps in. Evidently it would be far more absurd for me to have any kind of involvement with Jenna Coleman than to come into possession of a magic bottle.

Obviously sensing the reasonable part of my brain taking an interest, the bit that is having a laugh starts going wild as a last hurrah for the night. The glass window shatters without me even touching it, which I'm grateful for as I don't want to be responsible for breaking it, and I'm jumping through whilst wondering if Jen has powers. We could be a team, her with her impressive psychokinetic powers, and me with my bottle that turns water into ketchup. I'm in the car park. Jen is still with me, and thankfully so is the bottle. It's randomly night-time with helicopters circling overhead.

Unfortunately this is when my alarm goes off and I'm back in the real world. I guess the moral of the story is don't have friends that want to write your name on the floor with a chocolate bar.

I'll try to keep a diary of the absurdities I dream about in future. Sweet dreams.
