---
layout: post
title: "enigmas"
date: 2016-09-16
---

I'm a pretty simple person and I really hate over complicating things. In reducing things to their absolute fundamentals I've found life not only to be easier in regards to problem solving, but have often found beauty that is lost in the initial complexity. I think that's why I've always tried to be honest about everything.

Complexity is seductive, mystery is enchanting and enigmas are blindingly beguiling when something or someone seemingly holds all the answers. I think it appeals to our lust for knowledge and understanding. You don't need to be a scholar to appreciate the satisfaction in learning something new, or the gratification in using new found knowledge.

I think therein lies the romance of the dark, brooding and seemingly untouchable. We want the answers, we want to know what makes them tick. It's exciting. I think it's what my mate was trying to tap into when he decided to sit quietly at the back of his classes and associate with nobody in them.

The lustre, to some, is lost when the mystery ends. The opposite is true to me, the veneer is just hiding whatever beautiful truths lurk below. Just don't be too honest, that's strange too. Everything in moderation, eh?

I like to think I'm not a complete simpleton in the grand scheme of things, but compared to the great minds I'm just a chimp with a keyboard. I guess I feel this way because I know myself better than anyone.

Just re-read this, and the irony in the entirely verbose way that I managed to write "simple-stuff-good-I-like" is mind-blowing. I promise it wasn't deliberate, I'm just an idiot.
