---
layout: post
title: "phobias"
date: 2016-09-29
---

I don't think I have any true phobias. I don't like spiders or grasshoppers, but I can deal with them appropriately. Snakes don't bother me in the slightest, unless they are venomous, and heights only make me uncomfortable if I don't feel safe.

I've read about all sorts of phobias on the internet, and some really strange things come up. The common link between them seems to be a negative experience with an object or situation which then carries trepidation onwards throughout life as to avoid it reoccurring. This, to me, is perfectly understandable. I dislike bees and wasps due to being stung as a child, as do many other people. It's the wacky phobias that fascinate me.

The reason I am even thinking about phobias is because someone recently confided in me their greatest fear. I could have taken a thousand guesses a day for the rest of my life and not have guessed this one. It's church bells, or large bells in general. Now, I know you are thinking "well, they do sound quite ominous sometimes", but it's not the sound they fear. It is the actual bell itself. This blew my mind. After making completely sure I wasn't being taken for a ride via the use of YouTube videos and images of bells, it seems that they genuinely are petrified of bells.

Apparently this fear of bells wasn't caused by some horrific event in their childhood, it is just innately there. This rivalled some of my most wacky dreams, so I did quickly make sure I wasn't dreaming with a quick pinch of my arm. I then proceeded to completely disregard their mental wellbeing and went straight into detective mode to see if there was any discernible pattern to it. A few more videos and images later and I had an idea of the limits of the phobia, and one very frightened friend.

I did learn about the anatomy of a bell during the evening, with the dangly-clanger-bit rightly taking its correct name of a clapper. It seems that the size of the bell, visibility of the clapper and the rocking motion of a bell in full swing are a most fearsome combination. This is really, really odd. This even tops the homeless man I saw talking to his shoes.

I love little things like this because they genuinely expand my horizons. It is always fun to be completely blindsided by something and have a perspective changed. Generally we make assumptions about people pretty quickly, and I try to be pretty open minded about everyone, but it seems some things are impossible to predict.

Of all the strange and irrational fears to have, large bells isn't a bad one. They aren't hard to avoid in every day life. I would be much more concerned by someone being afraid of shopping trolleys or bread.
