---
layout: post
title: "snacks"
date: 2016-09-17
---
There are good snacks and bad snacks. Cherries are an example of a good snack, carrots are a bad snack. I tried eating a carrot earlier and it has left me cold and wanting to go to bed. I love carrots in other things, but by themselves they are soulless. The thing that annoys me most is that they look really good when cleaned up a bit, the bright orange is awfully attractive and would have you believe that the taste is far better than the reality. I cheered myself up from the carrot with some cherries. Not only do they taste good, but they give you ammo to ping off the side of a spittoon, cowboy style.

It got me thinking about what the worst snacks are and why they are so bad. Certain things are bad because of outside influence, like citrus after mint, and certain snacks are just awful at any point in the day.

If you have ever had a "crisp-bread" you will understand this. It seems to be a food that by itself is so bland that you could lace it with the most toxic substances on the planet and it would still taste like sand. They are insidious little mouth-sponges that will do their best to dry your mouth out and turn to dust, reaching the point that you only dare inhale whilst chewing should you have a death wish.

The only thing comparable is plain baked potato, which I guess isn't exactly a snack but gets a mention anyway. I feel that I'm betraying my spirit-vegetable by speaking in such a way, but it genuinely seems that baked potato, sans any topping or condiment, will try and suffocate you.

As you can probably tell, it's been a quiet Saturday. When the most intense thinking I've done is about rubbish snacks you will have to forgive me for not having a lot to write about.
